---
title: M. Tech admissions, Direct offer.
---

Given below is the list of candidates whom we have made a direct
offers based on their GATE score and performance in their qualifying
exam. Congratulations to you all.


<!--more-->

An email has already been sent to the email address you have provided
in the application form (mail <admissions@cse.iitk.ac.in> if your name
is in this list and you have not received one).

The list of candidates short listed for test and interview (both
M.Tech and Ph.D), will be up soon. So do not be disheartened if you name
does not appear here.

Accepting this offer
--------------------

For this offer to be effective you need to

1. Send an email informing us that you wish to join our M.Tech
   program. You just need to reply to the mail that you would have already
   received.

2. In case you accept this offer, pay the first installment of your
   fees which amounts to ₹ 47,000/- by a Bank draft. (SC/ST candidates
   need to pay only ₹22,042/-).

**IMPORTANT:** The bank draft should reach us by *5th May, 2015*
failing which this offer will not be *valid*. 

Bank draft
----------

The bank draft should be made in favour of **The Registrar, IIT
Kanpur** payable at Kanpur and sent to the following address:

> The Admissions-In-Charge,\
> Department of Computer Science and Engineering,\
> IIT Kanpur, Kanpur 208016, UP

We hope that you will accept the offer within the deadline provided
and look forward to your joining the MTech program in CSE at IIT
Kanpur.



<div class="panel panel-default">
<div class="panel-heading">Candidates offered Direct admissions</div>

<table class='table table-striped table-hover table-bordered table-condensed'>
  <thead>
         <tr><th>Application Number</th><th>Name</th></tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
         <tr><td>CSE-9801</td><td>Aashraya Sachdeva</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-5058</td><td>abhishek sethi</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-1734</td><td>ADITYA SAMADHIYA</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-7673</td><td>Aishwarya Gupta</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-13904</td><td>Ajay Singh</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-3476</td><td>Ajita Shree</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-3689</td><td>AKANSHA AGGARWAL</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-4275</td><td>AMAN MISHRA</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-907</td><td>Ankit Kumar</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-4300</td><td>B Kireeti Gupta</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-1398</td><td>Deepak Garg</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-1964</td><td>KARTIK VINAYAK KALE</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-771</td><td>KAVITA BALUTIA</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-9407</td><td>LAKSHMI</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-775</td><td>LAKSHYA KUMAR</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-2495</td><td>MANISH KUMAR</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-4445</td><td>MEGHA THUKRAL</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-10980</td><td>Mohd Saif Islam</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-10790</td><td>NEHA GARG</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-5597</td><td>Pooja Shyamsunder Agrawal</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-6143</td><td>Prateeksha Keshari</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-9545</td><td>PRATIK SATAPATHY</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-2596</td><td>PRIYANK AGARWAL</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-2726</td><td>Pulkit Kariryaa</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-3713</td><td>Ritika</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-2250</td><td>Rohit Gupta</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-4872</td><td>SAKSHI GOEL</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-2869</td><td>SHIVAM MAHESHWARI</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-565</td><td>SHYAMLI SHRINIVAS RAO</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-774</td><td>Soham Pal</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-5958</td><td>SOUMALLYA CHATTERJEE</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-7180</td><td>SUDEEP CHATTERJEE</td></tr>
<tr><td>CSE-4066</td><td>UTTARAN BHATTACHARYA</td></tr>

  </tbody>
  </table>

</div>
